The Wise Woman builds her house but the
The Wise Woman builds her house but the foolish pulls it down with her hands he
foolish pulls it down with her hands he
foolish pulls it down with her hands he who walks in his uprightness fears the
who walks in his uprightness fears the
who walks in his uprightness fears the Lord but he who is perverse in his ways
Lord but he who is perverse in his ways
Lord but he who is perverse in his ways despises him in the mouth of a fool is a
despises him in the mouth of a fool is a
despises him in the mouth of a fool is a rod of pride but the lips of the wise
rod of pride but the lips of the wise
rod of pride but the lips of the wise will preserve them where no oxen are the
will preserve them where no oxen are the
will preserve them where no oxen are the trough is clean but much increase comes
trough is clean but much increase comes
trough is clean but much increase comes by the strength of an ox a faithful
by the strength of an ox a faithful
by the strength of an ox a faithful witness does not lie but a false witness
witness does not lie but a false witness
witness does not lie but a false witness will utter lies a scoffer seeks wisdom
will utter lies a scoffer seeks wisdom
will utter lies a scoffer seeks wisdom and does not find it but knowledge is
and does not find it but knowledge is
and does not find it but knowledge is easy to him who understands go from the
easy to him who understands go from the
easy to him who understands go from the presence of a foolish man when you do
presence of a foolish man when you do
presence of a foolish man when you do not perceive in him the lips of
not perceive in him the lips of
not perceive in him the lips of knowledge the wisdom of the prudent is
knowledge the wisdom of the prudent is
knowledge the wisdom of the prudent is to understand his way but the folly of
to understand his way but the folly of
to understand his way but the folly of fools is deceit fools market sin but
fools is deceit fools market sin but
fools is deceit fools market sin but among the upright there is favor the
among the upright there is favor the
among the upright there is favor the heart knows its own bitterness and a
heart knows its own bitterness and a
heart knows its own bitterness and a stranger does not share its joy
stranger does not share its joy
stranger does not share its joy the house of the wicked will be
the house of the wicked will be
the house of the wicked will be overthrown but the tent of the upright
overthrown but the tent of the upright
overthrown but the tent of the upright will flourish there is a way that seems
will flourish there is a way that seems
will flourish there is a way that seems right to a man but it's end is the way
right to a man but it's end is the way
right to a man but it's end is the way of death even in laughter the heart may
of death even in laughter the heart may
of death even in laughter the heart may sorrow and the end of mirth may be grief
sorrow and the end of mirth may be grief
sorrow and the end of mirth may be grief the backslider in heart will be filled
the backslider in heart will be filled
the backslider in heart will be filled with his own ways but a good man will be
with his own ways but a good man will be
with his own ways but a good man will be satisfied from above the simple believes
satisfied from above the simple believes
satisfied from above the simple believes every word but the prudent considers
every word but the prudent considers
every word but the prudent considers well his steps
well his steps
well his steps a wise man fears and departs from evil
a wise man fears and departs from evil
a wise man fears and departs from evil but a fool rages and his self-confident
but a fool rages and his self-confident
but a fool rages and his self-confident a quick tempered man acts foolishly and
a quick tempered man acts foolishly and
a quick tempered man acts foolishly and a man of wicked intentions is hated the
a man of wicked intentions is hated the
a man of wicked intentions is hated the simple inherit folly but the prudent are
simple inherit folly but the prudent are
simple inherit folly but the prudent are crowned with knowledge the evil will bow
crowned with knowledge the evil will bow
crowned with knowledge the evil will bow before the good and the wicked at the
before the good and the wicked at the
before the good and the wicked at the gates of the righteous the poor man is
gates of the righteous the poor man is
gates of the righteous the poor man is hated even by his own neighbor but the
hated even by his own neighbor but the
hated even by his own neighbor but the rich has many friends
rich has many friends
rich has many friends he who despises his neighbor sins but he
he who despises his neighbor sins but he
he who despises his neighbor sins but he who has mercy on the poor happy is he do
who has mercy on the poor happy is he do
who has mercy on the poor happy is he do they not go astray who devise evil
they not go astray who devise evil
they not go astray who devise evil but mercy and truth belong to those who
but mercy and truth belong to those who
but mercy and truth belong to those who devise good in all labor there is profit
devise good in all labor there is profit
devise good in all labor there is profit but idle chatter leads only to poverty
but idle chatter leads only to poverty
but idle chatter leads only to poverty the crown of the wise is their riches
the crown of the wise is their riches
the crown of the wise is their riches but the foolishness of fools is folly a
but the foolishness of fools is folly a
but the foolishness of fools is folly a true witness delivers souls but a
true witness delivers souls but a
true witness delivers souls but a deceitful witness speaks lies in the
deceitful witness speaks lies in the
deceitful witness speaks lies in the fear of the Lord there is strong
fear of the Lord there is strong
fear of the Lord there is strong confidence and his children will have a
confidence and his children will have a
confidence and his children will have a place of refuge the fear of the Lord is
place of refuge the fear of the Lord is
place of refuge the fear of the Lord is a Fountain of Life to turn one away from
a Fountain of Life to turn one away from
a Fountain of Life to turn one away from the snares of death in a multitude of
the snares of death in a multitude of
the snares of death in a multitude of people is a king's honor but in the lack
people is a king's honor but in the lack
people is a king's honor but in the lack of people is the downfall of a prince he
of people is the downfall of a prince he
of people is the downfall of a prince he who is slow to wrath has great
who is slow to wrath has great
who is slow to wrath has great understanding but he who is impulsive
understanding but he who is impulsive
understanding but he who is impulsive exalts folly a sound heart is life to
exalts folly a sound heart is life to
exalts folly a sound heart is life to the body but Envy is rottenness to the
the body but Envy is rottenness to the
the body but Envy is rottenness to the bones he who oppresses the poor
bones he who oppresses the poor
bones he who oppresses the poor reproaches his maker but he who honors
reproaches his maker but he who honors
reproaches his maker but he who honors him has mercy on the needy the wicked is
him has mercy on the needy the wicked is
him has mercy on the needy the wicked is banished in his wickedness but the
banished in his wickedness but the
banished in his wickedness but the righteous has a refuge in his death
righteous has a refuge in his death
righteous has a refuge in his death wisdom rests in the heart of him who has
wisdom rests in the heart of him who has
wisdom rests in the heart of him who has understanding but what is in the heart
understanding but what is in the heart
understanding but what is in the heart of fools is made known
of fools is made known
of fools is made known righteousness exalts a nation but sin is
righteousness exalts a nation but sin is
righteousness exalts a nation but sin is a reproach to any people
a reproach to any people
a reproach to any people [Music]
[Music]
[Music] the King's favor is toward a wise
the King's favor is toward a wise
the King's favor is toward a wise servant but his wrath is against him who
servant but his wrath is against him who
servant but his wrath is against him who causes shame